 Assignment 2A

---

Name: Jacob Belew 
Date Created: 9/15/24

---

Program Description: 
Spam (or junk email) costs U.S. organizations billions of dollars a year in spam-prevention software, equipment, network resources, bandwidth, and lost productivity. Research online some of the most common spam email messages and words. Create a list of 30 words and phrases commonly found in spam messages. Write an application in which the user enters an email message. Then your application will scan the message for each of the 30 keywords or phrases. For each occurrence of one of these within the message, add a point to the message's "spam score". Next, rate the likelihood that the message is spam, based on the number of points received. Display the user's spam score, the likelihood message that it is spam, and the words/phrases which caused it to be spam. 

---

Logical Steps:  
1. Create a list of the 30 word phrases (first function)
2. Prompt user to enter the email message (second function)
3. Call on the first function for the list (second function)
4. Calculate each point for every spam word occurred (second function)
5. Determine the spam likelihood message based on how many spam word points accumulated (second function)
6. Call on the previous function for the spam results (third function)
7. Display the "spam word" score, likelihood message, and spam words detected to the user (third function)

---

Variables:  
1. spam_list: list of 30 spam words
2. spam_score: Number of spam words detected
3. spam_likelihood: Rating of High, Moderate, Low, or None
4. spam_words: Spam words that were identified
5. message: Users input email

---

Functions:
1. Function Name: get_spamlist_file(email):
   Description: Create list of the 30 words for the scan_user_email function to call on
   Parameters: Email; the email message that the user wishes to scan for spam 
   Returns: Returns the list of the 30 words

2. Function Name: scan_user_email():  
   Description: Calls on the first function to obtain the list of 30 words, then scans for the spam score and likelihood
   Parameters: none
   Returns: The function returns spam_score, spam_likelihood, and spam_words

3. Function Name: main():
   Description: Prompts the user for their email, then calls on the scan_user_email() function for the results and displays them 
   Parameters: none
   Returns: none

---

Link to repository: https://github.com/JTheBlue1/COP2373

